# Gen3/DCFS Privacy Policy

## Gen3/DCFS Website Privacy Policy

Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Our Gen3/DCFS Web
site links to National Institutes of Health (NIH) sites, federal
agency sites and occasionally, to private organizations. Once you
leave the primary Gen3/DCFS Web site, you are subject to the privacy
policy for the site(s) you are visiting. We do not collect any
personally identifiable information (PII) about you during your visit
to the Gen3/DCFS Web site unless you choose to provide it to us. We
do, however, collect some data about your visit to our Gen3/DCFS Web
site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how
to make it more helpful. We collect information from visitors who
read, browse, and/or download information from our Web site. The
Gen3/DCFS never collects information for commercial marketing or any
purpose unrelated to the Gen3/DCFS and NIH mission and goals.

When visitors send a support request containing personal information
to the Gen3/DCFS Support email at <dcf-support@datacommons.io>, the
Gen3/DCFS maintains the request in the Gen3/DCFS Help Desk System.
Only designated Gen3/DCFS Team Members requiring access to the support
requests in order to assist visitors may view this information.

## Types of Information Collected

### INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN BROWSING THE Gen3/DCFS

When you browse through any Web site, certain information about your
visit can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store
the following types of information about your visit:

- Domain from which you access the Internet
- IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned
    to a computer when surfing the Web)
- Operating system and information about the browser used when
    visiting the site
- Date and time of your visit
- Pages you visited
- Address of the Web site that connected you to the Gen3/DCFS (such as
    google.com or bing.com)
- Demographic and interest data
- eRA Commons ID
- Email Address

We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site
and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to
visitors. This information cannot be used to identify you as an
individual.

### INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN SUBMITTING A SUPPORT REQUEST

When you submit a support request through the Gen3/DCFS Support email
at <dcf-support@datacommons.io>, we collect the following types of
information:

- Name
- E-mail address
- Phone number (if provided)
- Inquiry type
- Inquiry description
- Any files uploaded in support of the inquiry
- Date and time the inquiry was submitted

## How the Gen3/DCFS Collects Information

The Gen3/DCFS uses several tools to collect the information listed
above in Information Collected when Browsing the Gen3/DCFS. No
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is collected. This data is
used to monitor the health and growth of the system and comply with
security and auditing best practices. The Gen3/DCFS Team conducts
analyses and generates reports with this information, which are shared
only with Gen3/DCFS Team Members, NIH Senior Staff, and members of the
NIH Communications Team who require this information to perform their
duties.

The Gen3/DCFS uses the DCF Support email at
<dcf-support@datacommons.io> to collect the information in the
bulleted list in the Information Collected when Submitting a Support
Request section. Information collected is maintained in the Gen3/DCFS
Help Desk System. The Gen3/DCFS uses the information to provide users
with assistance and improve the Gen3/DCFS system. These support
facilities require the collection of PII so that Gen3/DCFS Team
Members can correspond directly with users to provide assistance.

The Gen3/DCFS retains the data from web analytics reporting tools and
support requests as long as needed to support the mission of the
Gen3/DCFS.

## How the Gen3/DCFS Uses Cookies

The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22, Guidance for Online
Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies <https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/whitehouse.gov/files/omb/memoranda/2010/m10-22.pdf> allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies.

When you visit any Web site, its server may generate a piece of text
known as a \"cookie\" to place on your computer. The cookie allows the
server to \"remember\" specific information about your visit while you
are connected.

The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web
pages. Cookies from Gen3/DCFS Web pages only collect information about
your browser's visit to the site; they do not collect personal
information about you.

There are two types of cookies, single session (temporary), and
multi-session (persistent). Session cookies last only as long as your
Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie
disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer
periods.

### SESSION COOKIES

We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better
navigation through our site. These cookies let our server know that
you are continuing a visit to our site. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance
defines our use of session cookies as \"Usage Tier 1 --- Single
Session." The policy says, \"This tier encompasses any use of single
session web measurement and customization technologies.\"

### PERSISTENT COOKIES

We use persistent cookies to enable web analytics reporting tools to
differentiate between new and returning Gen3/DCFS visitors. Persistent
cookies remain on your computer between visits to the Gen3 until they
expire. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent
cookies as \"Usage Tier 2
--- Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information (PII)."
The policy says, \"This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web
measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected.\"

## How to Opt Out to Disable Cookies


If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on
your computer, you can disable them using your Web browser. If you opt
out of cookies, you will still have access to all information and
resources at the Gen3/DCFS. Instructions for disabling or opting out
of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at
<http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml>

Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies,
you will disable cookies from all sources, not just those from the
Gen3/DCFS.

## How Personal Information is Protected

You do not have to give us personal information to visit the
Gen3/DCFS. However, if you choose to submit support requests, we
collect your email address to allow us to respond to your request. If
you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information,
that is, information that is personal in nature and which may be used
to identify you, through an e-mail message or electronic form, we will
maintain the information you provide only as long as needed. If we
store your personal information in a record system designed to
retrieve information about you by personal identifier (name, personal
email address, personal or mobile phone number, etc.), so that we may
contact you, we will safeguard the information you provide to us in
accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended (5 U.S.C. Section
552a). If the Gen3 operates a record system designed to retrieve
information about you in order to accomplish its mission, a Privacy
Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously
displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to
provide personally identifiable information. The notice must address
the following five criteria:

- Legal authorization to collect information about you
- Purpose of the information collection
- Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of the Gen3/DCFS
- Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
- Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information

For further information about the Gen3/DCFS privacy policy, please
contact Gen3 Support at <dcf-support@datacommons.io>

## Data Safeguarding and Privacy

The Gen3/DCFS uses web measurement and customization technologies to
help our Web sites function better for visitors and to better
understand how the public uses the online resources we provide. All
uses of web-based technologies comply with existing policies with
respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards. Information
Technology (IT) systems owned and operated by the Gen3/DCFS are
assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) posted for public
view on the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) Web site at
<http://www.hhs.gov/pia/>. NIH conducts and
publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application
(TPWA) as they may have a different functionality or practice. TPWA
PIAs are posted for public view on the DHHS Web site at
<http://www.hhs.gov/pia/\#Third-Party>.

Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are
designed to be retrieved by the individual's name or other personal
identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of
1974, as amended (5 U.S.C. Section 552a). For these records, NIH
Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and
posted on the NIH Senior Official for Privacy Website. When you visit
the NIH Institute/Center sites, please look for the Privacy Notice
posted on the main pages. When web measurement and customization
technologies are used, the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide:

- Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology Usage tier, session type, and technology used
- Nature of the information collected Purpose and use of the information
- Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed Privacy safeguards applied to the information
- Data retention policy for the information
- Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why
- How to opt-out of the web measurement/customization technology
- Statement that opting-out still permits users to access comparable information or services
- Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process

## Data Retention and Access Limits

The Gen3/DCFS will retain data collected using the following
technologies long enough to achieve the specified objective for which
they were collected. The data generated from these activities falls
under the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) General
Records Schedule (GRS) 3.1, 3.2, 4.1, and 4.3
<http://www.archives.gov/records-mgmt/grs.html>, and will be
handled per the requirements of that schedule.

## How the Gen3/DCFS uses Third-Party Web sites and Applications

Gen3/DCFS uses a variety of technologies and social media options to
communicate and interact with the community. These sites and
applications include popular social networking and media sites, open
source software communities and more. Third-Party Websites and
Applications (TPWAs) are Web-based technologies that are not
exclusively operated or controlled by the Gen3/DCFS. Users of TPWAs
often share information with the general public, user community,
and/or the third-party operating the Web site. These actors may use
this information in a variety of ways. TPWAs could cause PII to become
available or accessible to the Gen3/DCFS and the public, regardless of
whether the information is explicitly solicited or collected by
Gen3/DCFS.

The following list includes some of the TPWAs we use and their
purpose. The Gen3/DCFS sometimes collects and uses PII made available
through third-party Web sites. However, we do not share PII made
available through third-party Web sites. Your activity on the
third-party Web sites we use is governed by the security and privacy
policy of those sites, which we have linked below. You should review
the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure
that you understand how your information may be used. If you have an
account with a third-party Web site, and choose to follow, like,
friend, or comment, certain PII associated with your account may be
made available to the Gen3/DCFS based on the privacy policy of the
third-party Web site and your privacy settings within that third-party
Web site. Therefore, you should also adjust privacy settings on your
account to match your preferences.

For any Gen3/DCFS TPWA that collects PII, the list below also includes
details on the information the Gen3/DCFS collects and how we will
protect your private information.

## Third-Party Web Sites and Applications

Bit.ly - The Gen3/DCFS uses Bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in
email messages, Twitter feeds and on Facebook pages. Bit.ly collects
and provides data on how often you as an email recipient or
Facebook/Twitter user, click on the shortened URLs distributed by
Gen3/DCFS staff. Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the
URLs posted by Gen3/DCFS, compared to the total number of clicks on
the shortened URLs. Bit.ly analytics do not provide any PII about the
visitors who open the shortened links. The Bit.ly Privacy Policy is
available at <http://bit.ly/pages/privacy>.

Twitter - The Gen3/DCFS uses Twitter to send short messages or
'Tweets' (up to 140 characters) to share information about the
Gen3/DCFS with you. While you may read the Gen3/DCFS Twitter feeds
without subscribing to them, if you want to subscribe to (or follow)
Gen3/DCFS Twitter feeds, you must create a Twitter account at
www.twitter.com. To create an account, you must provide some personal
information, such as your name, user name, password and email address.
You have the option to provide additional personal information
including a short biography, location or a picture. Most information
you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public, but you
can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your
privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site. Gen3/DCFS Team Members
monitor the number of subscribers and view comments and queries via
Twitter, but the team members never takes possession of the personal
information belonging to you as a Twitter follower. However, as a
practice, comment moderator policy requires the removal from the
Gen3/DCFS Twitter pages of any comments that contain spam or are
improper, inflammatory, or offensive. The information is then saved on
a password-protected shared drive accessible to Gen3/DCFS Managers,
System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated
staff who require this information to perform their duties. The
Twitter Privacy Policy is available at <http://twitter.com/privacy>.

YouTube - The Gen3/DCFS uses YouTube to host informational videos on
the Gen3/DCFS.
